group the load
Florentino Fernández puts him back
most adorable bad muzzle of cinema in the
second part of group no longer favorite the
new incorporation is television
patricia summit that debuts in this from
dubbing
and he also says he was not looking forward
make an animation movie but as
everything in life and not only in this
career but in all the guilds
you are always waiting for your arrival
opportunity and then just arrived
universal at the precise moment with the
proper character and here I am sir
group agent and louis and wilde in alicante
and villains patricia with tarnish the
special people of the league anti villains
who recruits a group to save the world
I looked at camera unit I knew of
operate
in which doubles to phoebe the character of
friends in spain
then he already had his characters and I did not
I know if the character will remind you a little
that did that what you did with the
voice of civilian that the tones that of
suddenly grandma rites more seriously than
my voice lasted a lot and it came to
falsettos that I did not know I could
arrive the two agree that the
work of benders especially
lonely
he's very lonely and I compensated him with
my portfolio and I take my portfolio
clear house I covered myself I have very macaroni
and guides that I do not know what to give two take it to
have a contact there with my things
villeta is not a little cold not to
principle when they are not used
cold because you are alone the image that
in the highest percentage of all
occasions that I have folded are not in
good conditions about being white and
black the character even drawn very
wrong because there are problems with the
rights do not want to be leaked
images and such and it's very complicated to
speak it but with the help of the director
in this case like jose luís angle
you can nail your interpretations of
do everything right
good night avoid the slogan of the
movie says that when the world
you need a hero in the best solution
is a villain then one wonders
what is the villain that we need in
Spain
we need heroes more sevillian and if
they are villains made heroes first there are
than give them a couple of wafers and then the
we let ourselves be heroes I know who it is for
boy
that you say calvarota dead if sometimes you
I look at her and imagine a chick
coming out
and the message that the movie has a
little I think that's what I've done
before people although we can not
change we can improve what he said
this now of the villains that exist
today we are not going to say names
but we are all thinking of my
possible to I can not improve we should
improve and barcenas person can change
euros for dollars but improve the
photocopies
at